INT-2812: Rewrite the react self-hosted docs (#2390)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/integrations/react-quick-start.adoc

  const log = () => {
    if (editorRef.current) {
      console.log(editorRef.current.getContent());
    }
  };
  return (
    <>
      <BundledEditor
        onInit={(evt, editor) => editorRef.current = editor}
        initialValue='<p>This is the initial content of the editor.</p>'
        init={{
          height: 500,
          menubar: false,
          plugins: [
            'advlist', 'anchor', 'autolink', 'help', 'image', 'link', 'lists',
            'searchreplace', 'table', 'wordcount'
          ],
          toolbar: 'undo redo | blocks | ' +
            'bold italic forecolor | alignleft aligncenter ' +
            'alignright alignjustify | bullist numlist outdent indent | ' +
            'removeformat | help',
          content_style: 'body { font-family:Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px }'
        }}
      />
      <button onClick={log}>Log editor content</button>
    </>
  );
}
----
endif::[]
endif::[]
ifeval::["{productSource}" == "zip"]
ifeval::["{productUse}" == "host"]
. Install the `+tinymce-react+` package and save it to your `+package.json+` with `+--save+`.
+
[source,sh]
----
npm install --save @tinymce/tinymce-react
----

> . Unzip the content of the `+tinymce/js+` folder from the https://www.tiny.cloud/my-account/downloads/[{productname} zip] into the `+public+` folder. Afterwards the directory listing should be similar to below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Unzip the content of the `+tinymce/js+` folder from the link:{download-enterprise}[{productname} zip] into the `+public+` folder. Afterwards the directory listing should be similar to below:
```
We should be using the global attributes for links like this as it makes it easier to change if the website structure changes (which has happened a few times).

Reviewer: Also I've just noticed when looking up the above attribute, that we also have ZIP downloads for community via https://www.tiny.cloud/get-tiny/self-hosted/. It's doubtful anyone would use that when they can use NPM though, but that might be why this wasn't specific previously 🤷
